How far is Canada from India?
How far is Moon from Earth?
How far is Liverpool Station from Wimbledon Station?
How far is USA by boat?
what is the dist from the Sun to the Mars ?
what is the average dist from the Earth to the Moon?
what is the dist around the earth at the equator?
how far is the earth from the Jupiter?
What's the tallest person's height?
How far is Rhode Island from Martha's Vineyard?
How deep is the ocean?
How long is World’s Largest Indoor Swimming Pool Alberta, Canada?
How long is world’s Longest Cross Sea Bridge Donghai Bridge, China?
Which is the longest river in the world?
How long is Suez canal?
how long is the longest railway line in the world?
How long is Great Wall of China?
What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
Do you ever leave a tip at a rest? How much?
What's the most amount of money you've ever found on the ground?
what is the money of this laptop?
Do you remember a time in your life where you weren’t concerned about money?
what is the money of this book?
how much amount of money you spend your studies?
what is the money of this furniture?
how much amount of money you spend to your family for one month?
how much money of your house?
How much is 1 Dollar compared to Indian rupee ?
What does gold money in India?
What is the money of living in UK?
What is the money of living in USA?
Which is the moneylier place to shop in the World? What perc ?
What is the money of average home in UK?
What is the money of land in rural areas of India?
How much is 1 Pound compared to Indian rupee ?
How much is 1 AUD compared to Indian rupee ?
What are the startup moneys and monthly moneys?
How much does it money to travel by air from India to Canada in economic class?
What are the licensing and permit moneys?
How much does a average iPad money in US?
How is the amount of money required to buy a average house in London?
How is the amount of money required to buy a average house in New York?
What is the money of living in Canada?
What is the money of living in UK compared to USA?
How much does it money to travel by air from India to UK in economic class?
How much does it money to travel by air from UK to USA in economic class?
What's the most amount of money you've ever found on the ground?
what is the money of this laptop?
Do you remember a time in your life where you weren’t concerned about money?
What amount of money was allocated for Bharat Nirman?
What is the currency of Brazil ?
What is the currency of Austria ?
what is the money of this furniture?
What does a new Ferrari money?
What is the average amount spent on an engagement ring?
What is the average money of a new house in California?
What does most things money on a value menu at a fast food place?
What is the average amount of money spent on a new phone?
What does an HD TV money?
How much does it money to go to the movies?
What is the money of renting a video?
What does the average song money to download on iTunes?
What is the average income in the United States?
what is your school 's team ranked ?
what place did Michael Jordan come in in the slam dunk contest ?
what rank gets the gold medal ?
what place did your son come in at the swim meet ?
what place did Carl come in ?
what comes after third ?
which priority will be given for food by all the living beings ?
What is your daughter ranked ?
What base does David Ortiz play ?
What base does A-Rod play?
What place gets a gold medal?
What place gets a silver medal?
What place gets a bronze medal?
What place do you come in if you beat everyone else?
What place do you come in if you beat everyone but one person?
What place do you come in if you beat everyone but two people?
What percent of people own a car?
What percent of people know how to drive?
What percent of people can ride a bike?
What percent of people work third shift?
What percent of people know how to swim?
What percent of people are white?
What percent of people are black?
What percent of people speak a second language?
what is the perc of irrigated land in India?
what perc is required for graduation on a upsc exam?
What perc of urban population live in class I cities?
What perc of world land area is there in India?
What perc of the world population live in India?
What is the annual growth rate of population in India according to 2001 census in perc?
What are perc of total forest area of India?
what perc of maruthi cars are sold in the united states?
what perc of MacBook Pros are sold in the US?
What perc of alcohol consumption is there in Goa (India)?
what perc of pork is sold in the UK?
what perc of LED Tvs are sold in the United States?
What percent of Samsung smartphones are sold in UK compared to iphones?
What percent of profit is in fruit business?
What percent of profit is expected to be earned in food business?
How long is an average movie?
How long does it take to drive from Los Angeles to San Francisco?
How long does a school year last?
How long does it take for the Earth to relvove one complete turn?
What is the Olympic record for running 100 meters?
How long does the average person live?
How long is the average phone call?
How can someone contact you?
What is a good way to call a business?
What is the last thing you used to contact someone?
What does the # symbol mean?
If I asked for your number, what do I mean?
What do you find on a business card?
What is listed in the yellow pages?
What is the ISD code for UK to dail in from India?
What is the ISD code for USA to dail in from India?
What is the contact number for London Eye phone booking?
What is the contact number for Madame Tussaud phone booking?
What is the helpline for emergency services in UK?
What is the helpline for emergency services in USA?
How fast is light ?
What is the emergency Police held number in India?
What is the ISD code for Canada to dail in from India?
what is an emergency number?
what is the number of information website?
What is the phone date book number?
what is the blood bank Number?
what is the number for contact information
What is the number of your bank?
When was the first American encyclopedia published ?
what is the top speed of a Ferrari on road?
At what speed can a cruise travel on water?
what travels the fastest light or sound?
What is the download speed when using a broadband?
what is the speed of a Tube Train in UK?
What is the speed limit on UK highways?
What is the minimum speed a any vehicle?
what is the speed of a shooting star?
How fast does a Porsche go?
How fast does a Shelby Cobra go?
How fast does a Lamborghini go?
How fast does a Ferrari Enzo go?
How fast does a turtle go?
How fast does a rabbit go?
How fast does grass grow?
How fast does the earth rotate?
what is the speed that light travels?
what is speed limit to drive in a highway?
What is the speed of a cheetah?
what is the speed of your internet connection?
what is the speed of Acele express?
how fast is your internet connection?
How hot is cuba?
How hot is australia?
How hot is Texas?
How hot is Mars?
How hot is the moon?
How hot is the ocean floor?
How hot is Alaska?
How hot is room temperature?
How significant was the patient's fever?
What is the hottest air temperature ever recorded on earth?
What are normal body temperatures?
How cold is zero degrees kelvin?
What is the temperature on the planet Jupiter?
What is the scientific name for temperature?
What is the minimum safe water temperature?
How many quarters equal a pound ?
What is chocolates melting point?
What is the hottest temperature ever recorded in the universe?
What is the warmest temperature at which snow can fall?
What is the height of Tarzan's Treehouse in disneyland park?
What is the height of masterpiece Rosetta Stone in British Museum ?
How much of the surface of the Moon is visible from the earth?
How big is the Sun?
How big is Canada?
How big is North America?
How big is Europe?
How big is an NHL ice rink?
How big is an NFL football field?
How big is Brazil?
How big is Antarctica?
How big is USA compared to Russia?
What is the size of a passport photo?
What is the size of a A4 paper?
what is the size of a post card?
what is the volsize of a cube?
What is the volsize of a cone?
How big is India compared to UK?
How big is Jupiter compared to Earth?
How big is Earth?
How small is an atom?
How much can a milk jug hold?
What does a coke bottle weigh?
what is NC State ranked in teh coach 's poll ?
What does a bowling ball weigh?
What does a piece of paper weigh?
What does a paper clip weigh?
What does a elastic band weigh?
What does a poland spring bottle weigh?
What does a paper weight have to weigh?
What does a roll of scotch tape weigh?
What does a business card weigh?
How many pounds are in a kilogram?
How much does one gallon of water weigh?
How much does one cubic foot of platinum weigh?
How many pounds are in a ton?
How much does sea water weigh per cubic foot?
How many pounds are there in one kilo?
How much is 4 ounces?
How fast does the fastest car go ?
How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?
How far can a man travel in outer space ?
What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?
What percentage of Americans own their homes ?
What 's the first day of the week ?
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
What is the wingspan of a condor ?
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?
How many oceans are there and name them ?
How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
How many times has ` ` Louie , Louie ' ' been recorded ?
What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
When was Hurricane Hugo ?
What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?
When was ` ` the Great Depression ' ' ?
The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?
In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?
How many species of the Great White shark are there ?
How many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?
On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?
How many people died on D-Day ?
How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
When did the Dow first reach ?
When was the San Francisco fire ?
How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?
What year did the Vietnam War end ?
What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?
What is the volume of the moon ?
When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?
How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?
What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?
When did CNN begin broadcasting ?
How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?
How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?
How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career ?
How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?
When are sheep shorn ?
What century does Captain Video live in ?
How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
How often are brain cells replaced ?
How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
What year did Charles Dicken die ?
When did the last Americans leave Vietnam ?
How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?
How many colors are there in a rainbow ?
What is the average salary of a paleontologist ?
How many endangered species are there in the world ?
When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens ?
How much did the first Barbie doll sell for in 1959 ?
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
How many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
A normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?
What is the first day of the week ?
How many of them are in sub-Saharan Africa ?
How many miles are there between Tel Aviv , Israel and Memphis , Tennessee ?
How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?
How many freckles does Howdy Doody have on his face ?
How tall was the animated King Kong ?
What is the population of Japan ?
How much did Alaska cost when bought from Russia ?
How many events make up the decathlon ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
How many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?
How many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
What was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
When is the Jimmy Buffett concert coming to the E center in Camden NJ ?
How much did Varian Associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the BOC group for ?
How many people hike ?
How many people died on South Carolina highways in 1998 ?
What is President Nixon 's birthdate ?
How many people died in the Vietnam war ?
What year did Montana become a state ?
When was the USSR dissolved ?
How many objects orbit the Earth ?
How many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?
How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?
How big is the Chappellet vineyard ?
What is the frequency of VHF ?
How many islands does Fiji have ?
What percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests ?
How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?
How many bottles of wine were prisoners in the Bastille allowed per day ?
When was the Big Thompson flood ?
How many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
How many times does the tide ebb and flow each day ?
How many referees work a soccer game ?
What 's the Fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ?
How many muscles does an oyster have ?
How many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?
What was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?
When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?
What is Maurizio Pellegrin 's age ?
How many thousands of students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
About how many Americans are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
When are the Oscars Academy Awards in 1999 ?
When was Dubai 's first concrete house built ?
What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
What is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?
How big is the largest diamond ?
When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?
How many languages are there in the world ?
How many inches over six feet is Tom Selleck ?
How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
What is the mean income of the top 10 % , top 5 % , and top 1 % ?
How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
How much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
How many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?
What is the world population as of today ?
How many words are there in the Spanish language ?
How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?
What is the average date when most malls begin putting up Christmas holiday decorations ?
How many characters are in the Chinese alphabet ?
How many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?
What is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?
How long does the average domesticated ferret live ?
What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
How many countries are there ?
How many yards are in 1 mile ?
When was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?
How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?
How many watts make a kilowatt ?
How many times has Harold Stassen announced a drive for the White House ?
What are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
In 1990 , what day of the week did Christmas fall on ?
How many American soldiers are stationed in South Korea ?
How many feet more than 2 is the average height of the Great Wall of China ?
How long ago did the Anglican church part from the Vatican ?
How much did Lucy Van Pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?
When was the Parthenon built ?
How long does a pig 's orgasm last ?
How many mountains have been named for Presidents in the continental USA ?
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
How many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?
How many miles of corridors are in The Pentagon ?
How deep is a fathom ?
What is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ?
How many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?
How old is the universe ?
When does the Bible say the seasons started ?
The Olympic Games in which year allowed Nadia Comaneci to become popular ?
How many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?
How hot should the oven be when baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
How many people does Honda employ in the U.S. ?
How much calcium should an adult female have daily ?
When was Nostradamus born ?
What is the population of the largest Chilean city
How tall was the animated Frankenstein
How many miles is it from NY to Austria ?
How big is the universe actually ?
How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?
How many sides does a heptagon have ?
How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mt. Everest ?
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?
How many times more than 3
How many names are there for Eskimo people ?
When was the first stained glass window made ?
When did swimming become commonplace ?
How many gallons of paint does it take to paint the Golden Gate Bridge ?
When does menstruation begin ?
How deep is a fathom ?
What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
How old was George Washington when he died ?
How many blacks served in the Vietnam War
How much time does the blinking of an eye take ?
How deep is a fathom ?
When did the use of ` ` the syringe ' ' first appear in medicinal history ?
How many people visit the Pope each month ?
What month of the year is there no television in Iceland ?
What is the current unemployment rate in the U.S. ?
When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
How fast can a Corvette go ?
How much did a McDonald 's hamburger cost in 1963 ?
How many were in attendance at the Last Supper ?
How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow ?
How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
When did CNN go on the air ?
How many people did Randy Steven Craft murder ?
How many small businesses are there in the United States ?
When was the Berlin Wall erected ?
When was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ?
What should the temperature be set at while baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?
How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime ?
How many colors are there in the spectrum ?
When did French revolutionaries storm the Bastille ?
How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge ?
How many wives did Brigham Young have ?
How long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?
How many cullions does a male have ?
How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?
When was Microsoft established ?
When did President Kennedy , Lee Harvey Oswald , and Jack Ruby all die ?
How many soldiers were involved in the last Panama invasion by the United States of America ?
How many propellers helped power the plane the Wright brothers flew into history ?
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?
What year was the setting for American Graffiti ?
When did the art of quilting begin ?
How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost ?
How many John Deere tractors have been manufactured ?
When did communist control end in Hungary ?
How many cherubs are there on a Trivial Pursuit board ?
How many people live in Chile ?
When did Charles Lindbergh die ?
How many athletes did Puerto Rico enter in the 1984 Winter Olympics ?
What is the temperature today ?
What is the temperature for cooking ?
How many colleges are in Wyoming ?
When was the Battle of Hastings ?
When did Muhammad live ?
What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
How many dots make up the symbol for ` ` because ' ' ?
How many hearts does an octopus have ?
How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
How high was the patient's fever?
What is the thermostat in your home set to?
How cold did the weatherman say it would get tonight?
At what point does water freeze?
What's the coldest water you've ever been swimming in?
What is the minimum warmth that the dishwasher instructions say the water entering during the wash cycle must be?
How hot does reheated food need to get to ensure that it is safe to eat?
At what point does water boil at altitudes considered very high?
What percentage of the body is muscle ?
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
How much does an iPhone 5 money?
How much does an Xbox 360 money?
How much does a Nintendo Wii money?
How much does a Big Mac meal money?
How much does a Playstation 3 money?
How much does an iPad money?
How much did the movie Titanic money to make?
How much does a Samsung Galaxy 3 money?
How much does an average new car money?
How much is a bottle of soda?
How much is a box of Oranges?
How much is it for a new pair of shoes?
How much is it for a boob job?
How much is it for a four year college degree?
How much does a wedding money?
How much does it money to print a resume?
how much does an Mac Book money?
how much does an LED money?
how much does an iPad money?
What is needed to buy this pen?
What did you get from that money order?
How many games are in a baseball season?
How many seconds are in a minute?
How many cups in a quart?
How many ounces in a pound?
How many inches are in a foot?
How many movies are made from Stephen King books?
How many fingers on one hand?
How many colors in a rainbow?
How many players are allowed on a professional baseball team at one time?
How many Stanley Cups have the Detroit Red Wings won?
How many Harry Potter books are there?
How many books has Stephen King written?
How many games does an NFL team play in one season?
How many planets are there?
How many Lord of the Rings books are there?
How many moons does Jupiter have?
How many hot dogs can a average human being eat?
How many runs are made by Sachin Tendulkar in his test series?
How many Bananas can a monkey eat in one day?
How many tigers are there in India?
How many planets rotate on their own axis's?
How many languages can be learned by a average Human being?
How many religions are there in India compared to the USA?
How many states are there in India?
What is your shoe size?
How long does a blink last?
How long ago did the Titanic sink?
How many seconds are in an hour?
How many pages are in the average book?
How long does the average survey take?
How long does it take to hit puberty?
How many people visit museums in UK?
How many people visit museums in India?
How many museums are there in the UK?
How many rests does Darden operate?
How many museums are there in UK?
How many museums are there in USA?
How many seasons do India have?
How many seasons do UK have ?
When is Bastille Day ?
How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?
When was this particular document written?
what is the dist of your school from your house?
How long do you have to walk to reach the hospital?
how near is the bus stop to your office?
How far is your Inlaws' place?
how far away are your grandparents?
What is the dist for the marathon?
how far away is the destination for the bicycle race?
How far do you have to walk to reach the chapel?
How far is Jupiter from Venus?
How far is Mars from Earth?
How far is Agra from Delhi to visit Taj Mahal in India?
How far is London Eye from Cholchester Zoo in UK?
When did Amtrak begin operations ?
How many bones are in the human hand ?
How many chemical elements are there ?
What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?
What is the current population for these countries : France , Spain , Italy , Greece , Austria , Germany , Switzerland , the Netherlands ?
What is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?
How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod ?
How long does cocaine stay in your system ?
On which dates does the running of the bulls occur in Pamplona , Spain ?
How many colors was the 1940s collectible called a Donald Duck Rubber Boat ?
How many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in Edgar Degas 's 1886 painting The Tub ?
What is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?
How many airline schools are there in the U.S. ?
How many major Nazi leaders went on trial after the war at Nuremberg ?
What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbell 's tomato soup ?
How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have ?
What month 's third weekend is the Monterey Jazz Festival held on ?
How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?
When was John D. Rockefeller born ?
How long does James Bond like his eggs boiled ?
How many people are taller than 7 feet ?
How many islands make up Antigua ?
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
How many states have a lottery ?
What ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
How many cities are there in Utah ?
How many visitors go to the Vatican each year ?
What is the population of Mexico ?
What century did art 's Romantic Period begin in ?
How many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?
In what year was the Berlin Wall erected ?
What is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
What is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow ?
How many bytes are in a terabyte ?
Approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
When was the Congress of Vienna ?
What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?
What year was the first automobile manufactured ?
How many colonies did Germany get to keep after World War I ?
How many states have a ` ` lemon law ' ' for new automobiles ?
How old is Benny Carter ?
What is the population of Ohio ?
How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?
What are the shoe sizes of O 'Neal , Jordan , and Mutombo , the NBA players ?
How many zeros are there in a trillion ?
What are the statistics for drunken drivers in Maryland ?
What 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?
How many liberty bells have there been ?
How many Russians have landed on the moon ?
When was Franklin D. Roosevelt stricken with polio ?
What is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?
What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000 ?
What is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?
What was the first minimum wage ?
How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?
What year was Janet Jackson 's first album released ?
How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in ?
How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?
How many meters are in a mile ?
About how many soldiers died in World War II ?
How many neurons are in the human brain ?
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
How many lakes are there on the Earth ?
How long does a fly live ?
How many pounds are there in a stone ?
What amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
How many miles is it from Frankfurt , Germany to Salzburg , Austria ?
How many chairs are shown in Vincent Van Gogh 's 188 work The Artist 's Room in Arles ?
How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink ?
When was the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin built ?
How much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?
What percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?
What date is Boxing Day ?
How many inches tall is Stuart Little at birth ?
How many Stradivarius violins were ever made ?
What century 's the setting for TV 's The Adventures of Robin Hood ?
What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?
What debts did Qintex group leave ?
How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?
What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America ?
How many types of cheese are there in France ?
How many ` ` eyes ' ' does a coconut have ?
How many websites are there in the world ?
How many points is a disk in the center hole worth in Crokinole ?
What year did the War of 1812 begin ?
How many verses are in the Bible ?
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
Independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?
What is the salary of a U.S. Representative ?
What 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?
What is the pig population of the world ?
What is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an NHL hockey game ?
How many dollars a day did Arthur Frommer say you could get by on in Europe in 1968 ?
When did Mount St. Helens last erupt ?
When was child labor abolished ?
How many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters : c ?
What time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
How many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
How many millimeters are in a mile ?
How big is a baby bald eagle ?
What was the Great Britain population from 1699-172 ?
How many people did Randy Craft murder ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
When did the neanderthal man live ?
How old is too old for a child to not be talking ?
When was the Hoover Dam constructed ?
How many tenths of the Earth 's surface lie under water ?
What is the Pennsylvania state income tax rate ?
What is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?
By how much will the California state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
How long is the border between Canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
What was Joe Namath 's first contract worth ?
How old was Lucille Ball when the show ` ` I Love Lucy ' ' premiered ?
How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?
What is the population of Kansas ?
How much Coca Cola is drunk in one day in the world ?
How many e-commerce companies are started every day ?
What is Judy Garland 's date of birth ?
What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia ?
How many Beatles ' records went # 1 ?
What is the average time to kiss somene ?
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
How big is Australia ?
How loud is thunder ?
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it ?
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992 ?
How many elephants are left on earth ?
When was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?
How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
How long would it take to get from Earth to Mars ?
How long was the OJ Simpson trial ?
What 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?
How many different countries export coffee ?
How many continents are there ?
When did the Chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
Hitler came to power in Germany in what year ?
How many people die from tuberculosis each year ?
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities ?
How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?
How many people have died of tuberculosis ?
How many days does a typical mayfly live ?
How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?
How many school districts are there in the United States ?
How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France ?
What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?
How much iron is in your body ?
When did Thatcher become prime minister ?
How much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost ?
How many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?
How hot should the oven be when making Peachy Oat Muffins ?
How old is Britney Spears ?
How many people die from snakebite poisoning in the U.S. per year ?
How high is the city of Denver ?
When was Florida admitted into the Union ?
How many times a year does the American Gourd Society publish The Gourd ?
How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?
What will the increase be in the California gas tax by 2000 ?
How far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?
How big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old ?
How many American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
How many cables support the main span of the Golden Gate Bridge ?
How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?
How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three
How many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
When did Mount St. Helen last have a major eruption ?
How long has L.L. Cool J. been married ?
How much did a knight 's armor weigh ?
How tall is Prince Charles ?
What is the weight of air ?
How long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?
How tall is the replica of the Matterhorn at Disneyland ?
How many times was pitcher , Warren Spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
How many pins are used in skittles ?
How many people have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ?
What was the first minimum wage ?
How many types of lemurs are there ?
What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
How many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?
What is the population of the United States ?
When did the American Civil War end ?
How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
When did the vesuvius last erupt ?
When did the supercontinent Pangaea break up ?
What do Englishmen weigh themselves in ?
How big is the Electoral College ?
How long does it take to travel from Tokyo to Niigata ?
What is the starting salary of a radiographer ?
what is UNC ranked ?
How many American actors were nominated for the best actor Oscar for 1983 ?
When did Lucelly Garcia , a former ambassador of Columbia to Honduras , die ?
How long was the longest sneezing attack ?
When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
When did Nixon visit China ?
What 's the third month of the Gregorian calendar ?
How many queen bees reign in a hive ?
what is Duke 's basketball team ranked in the ACC ?
In what year was the Wall built ?
When was Christ born ?
What season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?
What is the world record for the longest hair ?
How much does one ton of cement cost ?
How many sides does an obelisk have ?
In what year was the cannon invented ?
How many languages does the Pope speak ?
How many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
How many calories are there in a glass of water ?
What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
How many countries watch MTV Europe ?
What is the airport code for Los Angeles International ?
What year did Hitler die ?
How many eyes does a bat have ?
How many maids were milking ?
What geological time do we live in ?
When was China 's first nuclear test ?
How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
How many people in the world speak French ?
When is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
When was the bar-code invented ?
How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?
How old was Stevie Wonder when he signed with Motown Records ?
What year was the Avery Dennison company founded ?
Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in population density ?
What is the price for AAA 's liability auto insurance ?
What is the population of Arcadia , Florida ?
How many people live in cities ?
How high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ?
How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?
How many gallons of water go over Niagra Falls every second ?
How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
How many tiles did the Space Shuttle Columbia lose on its second flight ?
How many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
How much will gas be taxed in California by the year 2000 ?
How many dots make up the symbol for ` ` because ' ' ?
How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
How many zip codes are there in the U.S. ?
How long does it take the Milky Way Galaxy to make one revolution ?
How many people own pets ?
How much snow equals an inch of rain ?
How long does it take different materials to decompose ?
How many colors are there in a rainbow ?
How many Marx Brothers were there ?
How tall is the Matterhorn ?
When was Babe Ruth born ?
How many Beanie Baby sites are there ?
How much money did the Marcos steal from their country ?
How many innings constitute an official baseball game ?
How many flavors does Baskin & Robbins offer ?
How much in miles is a ten K run ?
When was Beethoven born ?
How long ago was the Roe vs. Wade decision by the Supreme Court ?
What is the size of the student body at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
How many different kinds of ice cream are there ?
When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
When did Jaco Pastorius die ?
How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
How much of the earth 's surface is permanently frozen ?
When was Queen Victoria born ?
How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ?
When was Yemen reunified ?
In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?
What is the federal minimum wage ?
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
What year did Apartheid start ?
When did Aldous Huxley write , ` ` Brave New World ' ' ?
How long was the longest hiccup attack ?
How many people live in Tokyo ?
When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?
How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria 's reign ?
When was the first flush toilet invented ?
How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?
How old is the sun ?
What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?
How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?
What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
What month , date , and year did Charles I die ?
How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
What is the average hourly rate of American workers ?
In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?
When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?
How many meters are in a mile ?
How many milligrams are in a gram ?
How long is human gestation ?
What 's the population of Mississippi ?
How old is Jeremy Piven ?
How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?
How often are quadruplets born ?
What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
How many presidents have died on the 4th of July ?
What season begins with the vernal equinox ?
How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex 's teeth ?
What year were the Olympic Games played in where Nadia Comaneci became popular ?
The Shea & Gould law firm had an office in L.A. for how many years ?
How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
What is the frequency of VHF ?
How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?
When was the De Beers company founded ?
When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?
What is the date of Bastille Day ?
How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?
How many Leos have been Pope ?
How many fiddlers did Old King Cole have ?
What is the population in India ?
How long do flies live ?
How many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?
How many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?
How long does a human live ?
How many Superbowls have the ers won ?
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
CNN began broadcasting in what year ?
On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?
In what year did the US Marine Corps adopt the motto ` ` Semper Fidelis ' ' ?
How many films did Ingmar Bergman make ?
When was the first Barbie produced ?
How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
What is the date of Boxing Day ?
What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
When did the Jurassic Period end ?
What was the date of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait ?
How many different vegetation zones are there ?
When was the Bill of Rights ratified ?
What 's the population of Biloxi , Mississippi ?
How many species of sharks are there ?
What year did the first issue of ` ` Playboy ' ' come out ?
How many layers does a bottle of Yoo-Hoo settle into ?
How many people are there in the world ?
What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865 ?
How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game ` ` Around the World ' ' ?
What is the average age a horse lives ?
How many children does Ray Davies of the Kinks have ?
How many years did Shea & Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
How much salt is in the oceans ?
How many stars are there in Big Dipper ?
How many wings does a flea have ?
What is the population of Mozambique ?
How long is Camptown Racetrack ?
How many miles is it from London , England to Plymouth , England ?
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering ?
On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?
What is the average weight for a man ?
What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?
How much is Clara Peller being paid by Wendy 's to say ` ` Where 's the beef ' ' ?
What was the date of CNN 's first broadcast ?
What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?
When did beethoven die ?
When was Calypso music invented ?
How old is Bernadette Peters ?
What is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
When did Hitler come to power in Germany ?
When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?
What day of the week was July 13 ?
Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts ?
How many American soldiers have died for their country to date ?
What year was the NAACP founded ?
In what year did Thatcher gain power ?
How hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
What is the size of Argentina ?
What date is Richard Nixon 's birthday ?
What percent of world 's fresh water is found in Canada ?
CNN 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?
How many grooves are on a dime ?
What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?
How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?
How many different types of skunks are there ?
What year did Spielberg make ` ` Jaws ' ' ?
What 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'The Simpsons ' ?
How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?
What year was the ATM first introduced ?
What does 7847 + 5943 equal ?
What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?
How many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?
In which year was the cartoon character Chilly Willy created ?
How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?
How large is Missouri 's population ?
When was the internal combustion engine developed ?
What time does Wee Willie Winkie run through the town ?
what is Kansas ranked in the AP poll ?
What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?
How many varieties of apple are there ?
How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .
What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996 ?
How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
What is the chemical reactivity of helium ?
When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?
When do you plant winter wheat ?
How many counties are in Indiana ?
What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?
What is the protection rate of using condoms ?
How many corners does a spritsail have ?
When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
How far can you see ?
When did Nostradamus believe World War III would begin ?
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
When do MORMONS believe Christ was born ?
In what year was actress Joan Collins born ?
What is average salary of restaurant manager in United States ?
On average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?
How long do cardinal eggs incubate ?
How many of every 10 members of the Rodeo Cowboys Association have never worked a ranch ?
When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?
How many films are made by the major studios in a year ?
How many small businesses are there in the U.S .
What age is Benny Carter ?
When did World War I start ?
How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia , built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US , produce ?
What day is known as the ` ` national day of prayer ' ' ?
How many feet are there in a fathom ?
What was Einstein 's IQ ?
How many real fruit juices are there in a can of Hawaiian Punch ?
How much does a poodle weigh ?
How many points are there on a Backgammon board ?
How many frames does a disk camera shoot ?
When did Theo Rousseau paint the ` ` Forest of Fontaine ' ' ?
How many people have been Captain America ?
In what year was Gandhi assassinated ?
What is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
How many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?
The film ` ` Jaws ' ' was made in what year ?
How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-TREE ?
How long do hermit crabs live ?
What month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?
How much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
What date did man first land on the moon ?
How many web servers are there ?
How many trees go into paper making in a year ?
How far out is the universe ?
How many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
How many Fig Newtons are there to the pound ?
How many bones are there in the human hand ?
When is Boxing Day ?
How far is it from Phoenix to Blythe ?
How many people watch network television ?
How many horses are there on a polo team ?
When was the battle of the Somme fought ?
How long does it take to hike the entire Appalachian Trail ?
How many people did Randy Craft kill ?
How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?
How many seats does the Batmobile sport ?
How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy ?
What time of year do most people fly ?
When is the Thai New Year ?
When did Spielberg direct ` ` Jaws ' ' ?
How far can a human eye see ?
What time of year has the most air travel ?
When was the G7 group of nations formed ?
What is the size of the largest akita ?
When did they canonize the Bible ?
What percentage of all world tornados touch down in the US ?
When did the Carolingian period begin ?
How many emperors were there in the Roman Empire ?
On what day were John F and Jackie Kennedy married ?
How old is singer Freedy Johnston ?
When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations ?
How many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
How long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature ?
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
How many spears are there on Kenya 's flag ?
What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
What percentage of American men are alcoholic ?
Dialing , 900 , 740-TREE to have a tree planted will cost how much ?
In South Korea , how many American Soldiers are there ?
What are the numbers that fit into Fermont 's last theorem ?
How many Americans have HIV ?
How many teats does a female goat sport ?
How tall is kilamanjaro ?
What is the number of American soldiers deployed to South Korea ?
What is the estimated total U.S. whitetail deer population ?
What number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?
How many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?
How many ` ` No ' ' answers was the What 's My Line ? panel allowed ?
What is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?
How many four star generals were there and who are they ?
When did Nixon die ?
How many members are in the California congressional delegation ?
How long did Shea and Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?
How old was Gene Siskel ?
How many calories are there in soy sauce ?
How big is our galaxy in diameter ?
When is a woman most fertile ?
How many people in Tucson ?
What is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?
How much is a Canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?
How many years did Sleeping Beauty sleep ?
How long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood ?
How many years make up a lustrum ?
How old is the Italian artist Maurizio Pellegrin ?
When was the NFL established ?
How fast must a spacecraft travel to escape Earth 's gravity ?
How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?
How many Israeli athletes were killed at the Munich Olympics ?
When was Richard Nixon born ?
What is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?
When is the Sun closest to the Earth ?
What is the average hours per months spent online by AOL users ?
How far away is the moon ?
What was Einstein 's IQ ?
How many questions are on this thing ?
In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany ?
What year did Rossetti paint ` ` Beata Beatrix ' ' ?
How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?
Boxing Day is celebrated on what date ?
Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?
When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO ?
How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
How many horses died during the civil war ?
How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock ?
What is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
How many astronauts have been on the moon ?
In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen ?
When were the Olympic Games in which Nadia Comaneci became popular played ?
When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
What is the goat population of the world ?
How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey ?
When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
How many questions do you have on your database ?
When was the Triangle Shirtwaist fire ?
What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?
How much does the President get paid ?
Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch ` ` The Simpsons ' ' ?
How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly ?
How many years do fossils take to form ?
When were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?
How long does a dog sleep ?
What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?
The Iraqis launched their attack on Kuwait on what day ?
How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board ?
When is President Nixon 's birthday ?
How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?
How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
How many times a day should you take a prescription marked ` ` q.i.d . ' ' ?
How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?
How fast do cheetahs run ?
How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?
What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
How far is London UK from California ?
How many years old is Benny Carter ?
How old is Stevie Wonder ?
What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?
When will the millennium officially begin ?
How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
What is the life span of the average monkey ?
How many member states are in the UN ?
What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
When was CNN 's first broadcast ?
How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?
How many milliseconds in a second ?
When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?
What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?
How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?
How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?
In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?
How tall is the giraffe ?
What is the busiest air travel season ?
How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?
How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
How many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?
What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture , ` ` Fourth Position Front ? ' '
How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
How many varieties of twins are there ?
How many people live in the Falklands ?
How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
What is the regular price ?
In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?
When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait ?
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?
How many different languages are spoken in Europe ?
What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ?
How much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?
How many engines does a Boeing 737 have ?
How long was Mao 's 1930s Long March ?
What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
What is Martin Luther King Jr. 's real birthday ?
How many James Bond novels are there ?
How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?
How much electricity does the brain need to work ?
How many acres in a mile ?
What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America , ?
How many Grammys did Michael Jackson win in 1983 ?
What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project ?
How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year ?
When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?
How many people in America snore ?
How many stars are there on the Soviet Union 's flag ?
What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
How much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US?
When was the slinky invented ?
What was Thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?
How many calories are in a tomato ?
When was Dick Clark born ?
What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?
What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?
When did the ` ` Star-Spangled Banner ' ' become the national anthem ?
What day is August 13 , 1971 ?
How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
How big is a quart ?
How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun ?
